Clarify subsequent in series on same card (#136)
clearhaus/gateway-api-docs: source/index.html.md

````

A first-in-series authorization can also be made using the `applepay`,
`googlepay` or `mobilepayoneline` payment methods.

> A subsequent-in-series authorizations must be made using the `card` payment
> method using the card details of the referenced previous-in-series
> authorization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A subsequent-in-series authorization must be made using the `card` payment
method with the exact card details of the referenced previous-in-series
authorization.
```
